what's good y'all superstar over here
almost dark down and dad down here where
I man so I figured I step in the light
real quick excused it here and he little
haircut you know it's all good though um
so I again shouts the cloudkicker for
the tease once again feel me they always
showing low but anyway i'm down here
playing xbox Oh as you can see just down
here playing xbox you know shud i was to
xbox 360 from me but on and on the
laptop you know i always stay don't stay
productive even if I making beats I'm
checking emails and shit but anyway
people been asking for a new video for
quite a while now so quite some time so
I'm basically this is cooking with
superstar Oh apart too now I did the
part one where we was cooking the pasta
it was getting it in heavy now this is a
ancient secret traditional mom taught me
that I'm gonna teach y'all it's just
taught it to me like a few weeks ago and
we're gonna get it like that for me what
you gonna need for this is heavy
equipment um you're gonna need a toaster
you're gonna need a microwave you're
gonna need a bagel film you gonna need
Sara Lee or any other kind of chicken
breast and you gonna need sara lee or
any other kind of Colby and Monterey
Jack cheese slices and you're gonna need
hot sauce this kind of hot sauce right
on not-not-not it black shit to start
off what you're going to need to do take
your bagel and you toast it you put it
in put it in the toaster and you toast
it for a good like not all the way
though toast for like 30 40 seconds ok
now after you do that you're going wanna
let me set this up right here you're
gonna want to get your you're going to
want to get your Sara Lee or whatever
other kind of chicken breast it is right
and you're gonna want to get your two
bagels and put a nice amount of meat on
there not too much but a nice amount and
I like to break mine up you know mean so
it's more I don't know
some more whatever so I can get that
piece you know get this piece right here
and I'm saying break that up probably
need a bow about three pieces and you'll
be good to go I'm gonna do one more one
hella hungry um so this the last piece
I'm gonna do right here my bad i don't
have my macbook right here to to do all
this matter of fact my mom books right
here so i do have it hold on make this a
lot easier on my videos big ghetto and
shit i don't give a fuck um and put it
right here for y'all oh yeah now we in
here so now as you can see i now have
the meat properly on here then what you
do always wrap your stuff back up wrap
it back up don't be lazy wrap your shit
up oh shit back in the fridge nigga you
gonna open your shit video cheese right
Oh peanut seems and you just need one
slice it one slice of cheese do you need
overdo it ask you a cheese love and
asked I person I like cheese but this is
a this is a good enough piece of cheese
for me as you can see it's a very
delicate piece of cheese you put the
cheese on there like so put the cheese
on there well I gotta push side now
don't like when it's upside down you put
the cheese on there then you put the top
on there alright so now you got bagel
cheese chicken breasts don't do it with
like turkey or not know how to be
chicken wait I guess you could then come
over this microwave right you come to
your microwave you put it in the
microwave close put it on like about 35
seconds push start so now we got our
chicken bagel and cheese lightly toasted
in the microwave sort of warm up for
about 35 seconds for
you no longer need none of this so
closing this back to put this back in
the fridge drinks on anyone you hear
that yeah usually when you hear that
voice it is um indicating that your food
isn't you know yeah so you get it out
make sure you get your bagel now what
you do from here this is the tricky part
take this top bagel off be careful not
to burn yourself because this cheese is
hot melted cheese is hot but it hasn't
been in there for too long so it's not
too hot okay so now you get your it up
as you can see right on and you put the
hot sauce on it you know I love hot
sauce so I'll put a lot on there it
really gives it a nice flavor put the
top back on press down lightly but still
hard at the same time then put it back
in the mark wave put it back in the mark
away for like 30 minutes at 425 remember
this is an ancient secret recipe passed
down from my mom my motto
that I think she just made up a while
ago and taught me that's how we doing it
now see usually that that won't fill me
up so I got some juice over there by the
xbox and I think I'm gonna want a snack
I don't know what kind of snack did you
see her hellas snacks on day well how
long can really see I hate this light
hella snacks on dick hella snacks on
dick tell us snacks on dig route that
tough snags on tape are you got touch
nails on deep breath but anyway that
like bright as fuck so anyway I'm gonna
get a snack all right now my shit is
indicated that it is done pop it out
here we go it is done this you know it's
done and smells good if it smells like
hot sauce and cheese and fucking chicken
so I want to smash that shit superstore
com grindr died stay on that music I
don't know where I got this is that it's
a little cutter so what up though you
tell me about to be back in cali soon um
about the book that flight back to cali
for like tuesday um i'm gonna try to
make some funny little music a little
youtube videos for y'all with miguel and
vibe in them and everybody and the crew
um keep y'all updated you know I'm
saying some starcom new beats and beats
on the way by the playtest xbox yeah
shout out to my little chick she's
trying to say was good no sin we just
got done fucking what's up what's up all
right I'm out though um now after this
all you need is a snack side snack and a
mother fucking drink ain't good to go
all right grinder die baby let's get em
Sam bruh bruh